This is the transcript of the Youtube video by Mr. Martinson named "Video 2 Declaring a variable of type integer"

hi and welcome to our tutorial on C++
there are many tutorials on YouTube that
you can use to help you learn C++ this
series is designed to be short and to
the point so you can get programming
right away after watching this short
tutorial I highly recommend that you
open up a free editor like repli'd and
try what I have shown you you will learn
a lot by playing with the code today
we're gonna take a look at how we can
declare variables and then use them in a
short program so we've got a comment on
line 1 line 2 remember we need to
include what we have there that is
hashtag include iostream make sure you
have that in your program and then we
have our main function here and after we
have int space main bracket bracket
we've got a curly brace here and we've
got a curly brace here inside there we
have our code make sure at the end of
each of the lines we've got a semicolon
here and let's take a look at what's
inside here line 6 what we've done is
we've declared two different variables
one variable is called some integer and
we've got another variable called
another integer we can declare more than
one variable in one line if we want so
that's what we've done here in line 7
what we've done is we've taken an
integer value in this case 8 and we are
putting it into the variable called some
integer so that's what we're doing here
this gets placed in here line 8 we take
3 which is an integer and we store that
into the variable called another integer
line 9 we are going to output to the
screen and we do that with the CL
command we need this STD full colon full
colon in front of it we'll talk more
about that later on and we're going to
put to the screen here is an integer and
we are going to put the value of
integer which we know is 8 this will
move us to the next line and in the next
line we're gonna have output to the
screen here is another integer and we're
going to display another integer so we
know that that is 3 if we've typed this
in properly this should run without
errors so let's try it and sure enough
we get what we expect here is an integer
8 here is another integer 3 so that's
how we can declare variables of type
integer try this one and we'll see you
next time