This is the transcript of the Youtube video by Mr. Martinson named "Video 5 - Using FOR loops in C++"

hi and welcome to our next tutorial
video on C++ remember that there's many
tutorials on YouTube that can help you
learn C++ this series is designed to be
shortened to the point so you can get
programming right away after watching
this short tutorial I highly recommend
that you open up a free editor like
repli'd and try what I have shown you
you will learn a lot by just playing
with the code in this program we're
gonna take a look at a for loop and what
and that is in C++ loops are really
important in any programming language we
can have infinite loops that continue on
forever or we can have finite loops and
what a finite loop is is it means it
only loops so many times or it only does
something so many times maybe it does
something three times or five times or
ten times
that's a finite number and what sort of
a for loop does is it does something
over a certain number of times we're
gonna look at this program here we've
got hash tag include iostream don't
forget that in your program and then we
have our int main we've got a main
function here we've got a curly brace
here that has to match with this curly
brace here and what we're gonna do is
we're going to have a variable called
input it is of type integer and then
we're going to output to the monitor
please enter an integer our user is
going to enter some integer value and we
are going to use the CN command and
store it in the variable called input
next we're going to set up a for loop
and we are going to have this for loop
loop a certain number of times how many
times well whatever the user entered in
for a number so if the user enters and
five this will loop and execute five
times if they put seven it will execute
seven times and then stop
how do we do that well we've got our for
loop here and then we have the
conditions here that allow us to loop a
certain number of times after that we
have a curly brace here and another
matching curly brace here and in between
there this is what we want to loop over
and over whatever is in between these
curly braces here what this part of the
for loop does is it says the first time
through the for loop X is equal to one
and we want this for a loop to keep
executing as long as X is less than or
equal to the input whatever the user
entered then semicolon X plus plus what
that does is it increments the value of
x by one so every time this for loop
goes through the value of X goes up by
one so the first time X is equal to one
the next time through the loop X is
equal to two and it keeps working like
that it will keep looping until this
here is false so X is less than or equal
to input if it is then this will execute
if it's not true it will jump and it
will go down to return zero and our
program will end so let's take a look at
how this works so if we click run and
our program says please enter an integer
and I put in the integer five our
program inside the for loop takes the
value of X and it displays it in our
monitor so we can see see out here the
value of X first time through is equal
to one next time through the value of X
is equal to two because we've
incremented it here next time through
it's equal to three when it gets to five
in our case
five is less than or equal to five so it
will output five but the next time
through when it gets to six is six less
than or equal to five no it's not so it
doesn't execute this line again it jumps
down to return zero and the program
terminates the program ends that's it
for this video try this on your own and
see if it works and we'll see you next
time