This is the transcript of the Youtube video by Mr. Martinson named "Video 1 - Intro to C++"

hi and welcome to our tutorial on C++
there's many tutorials on YouTube that
can help you learn C++ this series is
designed to be very short and to the
point so you can get programming right
away we're gonna look at more details
later on but for now we just want you to
get coding and just trying things after
watching this short tutorial I highly
recommend that you open up a free editor
like repli'd and try what I have shown
you you will learn a lot by playing with
the code today we're just gonna take a
look at a very short C++ program and
when we're done with this video I highly
suggest you go and try this line one
here we've got forward slash forward
slash this just represents a comment
comments are really good especially when
our programs get really long it reminds
us what the following code is going to
be used for lying three we've got this
here that we need to have in our C++
program think of it like gasoline for a
car we need this to get this to run
properly so for now just make sure you
include this this is called the return
type here this int make sure you have
that and then we have the identifier
this is called the main program or main
function and again we'll talk about
functions more later on notice we've got
a curly brace here and a curly brace
here we must have this here and this
here in our C++ program this STD full
colon full colon CL is gonna allow us to
output something to the screen so we
need to have that in and as well as less
than less than and then whatever we want
displayed on the screen we were gonna
type that in double quotes we've got a
slash in here what that's is gonna do is
move to the next line and basically
we've got the same line down here this
return 0 is optional but I put it in for
now just for good practice notice that
we have a semicolon at the end
here the anterior and the end here and
we were gonna need that to run our
program we're simply gonna go up here
and hopefully everything is taken
correctly if not we will get an error
here and we're gonna have to figure out
what that error might be we might have
what we call a syntax error maybe I left
it a full semicolon maybe I forgot and I
typed something incorrectly but this
will let us know over on this side here
so if we click run basically all this
program does is it displays hello world
to the screen twice and that's all it
does and it does that with the co2
command the co command allows us to
display to the monitor that's it for
this tutorial try this and we'll see you
next time