This is the transcript of the Youtube video by Mr. Martinson named "Video 3 - Getting user input"

hi and welcome to our next tutorial
video on C++ remember that there's many
tutorials on YouTube that can help you
learn C++ this series is designed to be
short and to the point so you can get
programming right away after watching
this short tutorial I highly recommend
that you open up a free editor like
repli'd and try what I have shown you
you will learn a lot by playing with the
code in this program we're gonna learn
how we can get user input so in line to
make sure you include hash tag include
iostream we need that in our program as
compared to the last program we added
another line here because there's always
more than one way you can do things in
programming and instead of having a std
full colon full colon in front of co2
instead I'm gonna try this here I'm
gonna put using namespace STD and
semicolon after that and what that does
is it allows me to not have to put STD
phone call and full colon in front here
or here
so notice that change in this program
line four we have our main function here
this is the return type this is the
identifier this is our main function so
make sure you have this typed in exactly
like this and make sure you've got curly
brace here curly brace here and then we
have our code inside what this program
does is in line six we declare three
different variables of type integer
first one is first number second number
and then we have sum of two numbers
whenever you're picking variable names
always big variable names that make
sense makes our code easier to follow
line seven we are telling the user to
enter the first digit and hit enter line
eight what that does is it takes
whatever the user entered for that
integer and it stores it into the
variable called first number notice that
C out is written like this we've got
less than less than
but for C n it's greater than greater
than think of it like C n we are placing
the input from the user into this
variable here C out next line we've got
enter the second integer and hit enter
and then the next line line 10 we are
going and taking that user input and
storing it into second number line
twelve does a calculation it takes the
first number and it adds to the second
number and stores it in to sum of two
numbers so in programming we do the
calculation over on the right hand side
and it gets stored into the variable on
the left hand side line fourteen is
going to display that first number
whatever that is plus the second number
whatever the user entered is going to
equal the sum of two numbers and then
we've got return zero so let's go ahead
and try this so if we click on run and
the program says enter the first integer
and hit enter so if we put five and
enter and enter the second integer and
hit enter I'm gonna hit seven enter then
it outputs five plus seven is equal to
twelve so in this program we declare
three variables of type integer and we
use those to do a sum calculation and
then output the answer that's it for
this video thanks for watching see you
next time