This is the transcript of the Youtube video by Mr. Martinson named "Video 4 - Some variable types in C++"

hi and welcome back in this video we're
gonna take a look at variable types in
C++ and specifically the ones we're
gonna take a look at are the type
integer which is shown by this here int
double is another one we're gonna take a
look at that think of that as anything
with a decimal we're gonna look at char
we're gonna look at string and we're
gonna look at boolean's
so here's the different variable types
that we have here this one is an integer
and we're declaring this variable here
type integer and we're gonna sign it an
initial value of 12 so we can do that
and don't forget the semicolon after
that next we are declaring a double here
this is put in the variable name type
double and it's gonna be declared and
equal to seven point eight nine notice
that we have a decimal here so that is
different from int we must have double
if we're gonna have a decimal value here
a char is of type alphanumeric so if we
have a letter the alphabet or a number
or a special character we can put this
in here if we want to treat it as an
alphanumeric and do something with a
letter or a number notice that if we
assign it we only have single quotes
here so in this case here we have a
single quote a single quote so watch
that when you are declaring type char
we've got a string down here and we are
taking the string hello a string is just
a number of characters put together can
be alphanumeric and they are put
together and inside quotations or double
quotation specifically and we're gonna
store that in a variable name called
type string
the last one here is the bool type or
boolean and a boolean type is simply
true or false that is what is stored in
bulan so there are a number of different
variable types here I suggest that you
play with each of these and just see how
these work let's try a different couple
of things here just so you understand if
I click on run here and you can see that
our program does compile and run this is
an integer 12 this is a double a 7.89
this is an alphanumeric in other words
this is a char and that's the letter e
this is a string hello and this is
boolean's and it shows as a1 which in
programming we can identify as true as
well
so if I did something like this for
instance if I go here and I'm gonna put
in type integer 12.5 now it's no longer
a integer type and you can see that we
get something underlined here and if we
try to run this you're gonna see that
yes it does cause an error and it says
do we want to change the value and we we
don't we want to make sure that we
assign it right so make sure for int it
is only of integer type we need to
change that back what if I take seven
point eight nine as a double and I
change it to just seven if I run that is
that gonna be an error well let's try it
and no it's not it doesn't cuz remember
it may or may not have a decimal it
doesn't matter if we don't know it might
or might not have a decimal value for an
answer
we should declare it as a double just to
make sure
why wouldn't we use a double all the
time then for all numbers well we are
concerned about the space and the amount
of memory that our program takes up so
if it is an integer we should just use
an integer if we need a decimal value we
will click on double char remember that
we have single quotes if we do use
double quotes on this here and we try to
run it you can see that it does give us
an error so make sure for a char we have
a single quote and a single quote so
here are some different variable types
that you can use in your programs we
have to declare them correctly and we're
gonna work with more of these later on
this video just shows you some of the
variable types that you can have in your
C++ program that's it for this video
thanks for watching see you next time